Label	Weight	Text
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel kost de opleiding
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoelang moet ik studeren voor analyse 1
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoeveel tijd moet ik voorzien voor wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoelang moet ik studeren voor analyse 1
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoeveel tijd moet ik voorzien voor wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoelang moet ik studeren voor analyse 1
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoeveel tijd moet ik voorzien voor wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoelang moet ik studeren voor analyse 1
l_Training Courses	1,083333	hoeveel tijd moet ik voorzien voor wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
