Label	Weight	Text
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_HoGentGeneral	1,3	hoeveel moet ik betalen
l_Training Courses	1,083333	kan ik wiskunde studeren op 10 uur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	wie geeft het vak wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	kan ik wiskunde studeren op 10 uur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	wie geeft het vak wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	kan ik wiskunde studeren op 10 uur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	wie geeft het vak wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	kan ik wiskunde studeren op 10 uur
l_Training Courses	1,083333	wie geeft het vak wiskunde
l_Training Courses	1,083333	studiepunten computerarchitectuur
